extra large beds and coffee / tea facilities
refurbished rooms with modern conveniences
popular pizzeria with outdoor terrace
enjoy early check - in and late check - out
a mile from eiffel tower , arc de triomphe
parking available for cars and coaches
peaceful zen - like minimalism inside and out
charming , homely feel in the city centre
b&b with 24-hour reception
in listed building in the city
buffet with mediterranean specialities
chic modernism with flashes of colour
terrific location atop the guttenberg gallery
stylish architecture with updated interior
all rooms with tea / coffee maker
free grocery service , light dinner and drinks
funky , modern décor in the heart of valencia
perfectly located for picasso museum visitors
in the best business and entertainment area
gourmet moroccan cuisine & live music shows
central and nearby to several london museums
included kitchen unit with appliances
excellent facilities , including tennis courts
metro stop on - site & breakfast available
a landmark surrounded by eclectic culture
spa area with sauna and therapeutic salt cave
tastefully decorated rooms in modern hotel
business savvy social spot
luxurious fitness facilities and a spa tub
rooms with city views and plush toiletries
rooms feature full windows & en suite baths
victorian hotel in a garden square near tube
serviced apartment with   many amenities
premium rooms with soundproofing
outdoor pool and pet friendly rooms
one block away from boston 's famous subway
modern refinement in the heart of florence
featuring beautiful original wood and stone
contemporary rooms plus outdoor pool
boutique w / traditional key west architecture
private beach with pools in a lagoon area
grand personality and fun spot in the eastside
complimentary breakfast and grocery service
french - inspired with lavish in - room breakfast
free parking and outdoor pool with hot tub
restaurant discounts and free wi - fi
delightful stay near frenchmen jazz clubs
upgraded rooms feature additional living area
restful and calm near the airport
modern and sophisticated en - suite rooms
near the vltava , with lovely design elements
heated pool , gym , restaurant near the beach
nice essence and personality
victorian style rooms , 25 minutes to london
premier luxury hotel amidst the golf courses
onsite cafe & wine bar plus a free shuttle
separate living rooms and kitchenettes
picnic area and two all - season pools on - site
rooftop terrace with fantastic views
hotel offers havens of productivity and rest
saltwater indoor pool plus events space
casual and charming spot
superb modern design with bar & city views
situated in the vibrant latin quarter
uptown with pool , restaurant and free shuttle
cosy interior behind classical viennese facade
heated pool & grilling area are popular spots
variety in the brightside breakfast
stylish modern hotel near notre dame
features jet skiing , parasailing , and more
free express start breakfast buffet
exquisite refinement in the heart of vienna
a californian dream with bright tropical colors
great business amenities near i-285
extensive family - friendly facilities
daily breakfast and a 24-hour front desk
chic hotel exemplifying contemporary berlin
tropical themed hotel overlooking tiergarten
royal elegance that radiates class
full kitchens and 42 " plasma screens
classy hotel with sweeping views of the bay
on - site terrace bistro offers full menu fare
breathtaking tropical oasis with beautiful views
very well equipped and spacious suites
restaurant serving american style steaks
two pools and two hot tubs plus tennis
business and fitness centres ; plus reception
wonderful and modern
functional spot with old school charm
nice ambiance and perfect for couples
contemporary spot with exciting appeal
spacious rooms suitable for larger parties
little paved terrace ideal for sun bathing
packages to suit all budgets and needs
spacious rooms with lots of natural light
features a tropical décor paradise resort bar
communal computer available in the lobby
full service hotel with friendly staff .
kids rooms for families .
quiet hotel close to the airport .
several swimming pool and spa services .
buffet breakfast in the centre of the city area .
soundproofed rooms with communal lounge .
modern apartments with sun terrace and gym
lobby bar also has snacks available
pet - friendly hotel ideal for the summer go .
great location with free breakfast .
continental breakfast and an outdoor spaces .
great service hotel with a view , balcony .
modern rooms and an on - site bar
basic facilities including pool by the beach .
budget hotel in lively residential area .
directly overlooking intracoastal waterway
room service and on - site restaurant .
captivating upscale hotel close to airport .
upscale hotel with lovely garden view .
small hotel close to the attractions .
courtyard restaurant with retractable roof
ample leisure activities provided onsite
beaux arts grand salon on site
club - like feel with wood panelling throughout
great bar serving drinks at the hotel .
beachfront hotel close to the beach .
complimentary shuttle , cocktail lounge onsite
pet - friendly luxury hotel near great shopping
all - suites hotel with wellness facilities
quirky vibe with games room & cocktail lounge
seascape family fun getaway , great activities
air conditioning and exercise room standard .
marvel at the loby and hotels elegance
great pool and bar near the beach .
patio restaurant with great views of the city center .
oceanview villas with an outdoor pool
dramatically different décor for this hotel
free daily breakfast , bbq grills and spa tub
pet - friendly , kids stay free and outdoor pool
gorgeous rooftop terrace with views .
small hotel close to the beach .
beachfront with two pools and free breakfast area .
relaxing hotel close to attractions
complimentary coffee in the lobby
spectacular graphic - art inspired interior
modern hotel close to beach .
chain hotel with breakfast and room .
luxury hotel with casino and restaurants .
relaxing spa tub with cooling indoor pool
rare historic gem right by the station
outdoor lap pool
large nautical themed rooms , near marine park
beautiful pool and rooms near the beach .
rooftop pool and bar with private beach .
nice hotel with luxury ammenities .
refined luxury overlooking the villa borghese
wellness centre with turkish bath and sauna
terrace set in lovely gardens .
all rooms with private balconies .
great location for beach and nightlife .
fitness centre with pool and beach bar .
clean lines and natural light abound
elegant rooms close to beach attractions .
beachfront hotel with pool and buffet breakfast .
beachfront hotel close to attractions .
family oriented hotel for business or vacation .
nice themed hotel with pool and bar .
lovely roof terrace with views over the adriatic of the river .
swaying palms , tropical gardens , ponds and waterfalls
small central hostel with a full kitchen .
on - site breakfast and beach .
spacious rooms in the heart of the centre .
full service hotel with good range of food .
walking distance to great shopping at hotel .
fun hotel with great views of the bay .
great facilities near shopping and restaurants .
outdoor pool and terrace bar .
air - conditioned rooms near eiffel tower .
hotel bar and lounge on site .
cozy rooms right on the beach area .
budget hotel with simply furnished rooms .
boutique hotel close to the eiffel tower .
great place with indoor pool terrace .
beachfront hotel close to beach and restaurants .
daily buffet breakfast and soundproofed rooms .
comfy hotel with great city centre .
spacious rooms with pool and bar .
historic hotel with modern décor in the rooms .
small hotel with views of the city centre .
pet - friendly hotel with onsite parking .
on - site restaurant and lounge near the airport .
picturesque city views of the hotel .
pleasant rooms with free airport shuttle .
full service hotel with great amenities .
great location close to restaurants and attractions .
boutique hotel with good in - room amenities .
elegant rooms in refined hotel .
pet - friendly hotel with kitchenette .
small hotel with delightful terrace .
larger rooms can accommodate tv .
small hotel with lovely courtyard .
centrally located hotel close to public transportation , entertainment and city centre within walking distance .
great breakfast in a good location .
affordable rooms with free parking .
restaurant serves modern german cuisine .
family run hotel with good in - room restaurant .
simple hotel within walking distance to the beach .
great fitness centre with spa and pool .
cozy hotel with a pool overlooking amazing sea views .
well - located hotel with easy access to metro and good restaurants and bars closeby .
pet - friendly hotel with breakfast and room .
rooms with private bathrooms and toiletries .
complimentary breakfast and concierge services .
basic hotel right in the city centre .
basic hotel with great hosts , close to restaurants and walking distance from the beach .
central hotel with amazing breakfast .
great location for beach and nightlife .
small central hotel with breakfast room clean .
great hotel close to the airport .
beautifully situated hotel away from city centre with great breakfast and lake views .
clean hotel with awesome room views .
beautiful hotel overlooking lobby .
luxury boutique hotel with great views .
buffet breakfast and direct beach access .
breakfast room and metro station in city centre .
close to the beach and with kitchen facilities available .
all - suites hotel with outdoor pool .
great location for business and nightlife .
trendy ambiance and fantastic hotel .
relaxing stay with a beautiful sea view .
great location and an on - site bar .
pleasant gardens with a relaxing sun beds .
relaxing hostel close to the airport .
modern luxurious hotel , 15 minute walk to the airport with excellent amenities and great breakfast .
hotel located in a popular area surrounded by restaurants , easy access to public transportation to central prague .
budget , clean and central hotel .
great location close to the main station .
large scale hotel with free beach chairs , entertainment and good breakfast .
affordable hotel in the heart of the city .
great location with views of the city centre .
on - site restaurants and free breakfast .
relaxing and enjoyable hotel conveniently located by the beach .
airport shuttle services and free breakfast .
well - equipped apartments located close to village centre and within walking distance from the beach .
modern hotel close to the airport and within short driving distance from legoland , comfortable restaurant on site .
hostel close to transport interchange .
outdoor pool , hot tub and fitness centre .
waterfront hotel next to pier 39 -fisherman 's wharf .
modern design hotel with breakfast and room .
great location , nice rooms and views .
ideally located hotel for sightseeing with good service and excellent breakfast .
swimming pool and free boat shuttle .
basic hotel but ideally located for entertainment , nightlife , in the buzzing city centre .
fantastic rooftop bar and restaurant .
historic hotel with hot tub .
lovely hotel with great views .
budget hotel with excellent facilities .
modern and spacious self - contained apartments in the centre of barcelona .
basic and clean hotel within walking distance of the city centre and close to public transportation .
quaint and fair hotel .
large pool with private beach .
central hotel in venice .
on - site spa and bar with amazing views .
great hotel near the docks of the station .
good location with great amenities .
budget hotel with good in - room kitchen .
basic rooms in the heart of the historic centre .
boutique hotel with outdoor pool and spa .
on - site breakfast and free parking .
relaxing spa in quiet area .
great hotel with lake view .
comfortable rooms with fully equipped kitchens .
modern hotels closely situated to public transportation to tourist attractions , surrounded by cafes and restaurants .
cozy rooms with good business centre .
modern hotel with lovely pool terrace area .
breakfast terrace with great views over the tuscan river .
modern hotel with easy access to city centre because of close by train station , very nice staff .
airport hotel with great views .
enjoy views of the art fitness room in downtown .
a comfortable and affordable stay with excellent staff .
lagoon style swimming pool and spa area .
all - suite hotel near the airport and restaurants .
comfortable , clean and spacious hotel with a beautiful outdoor pool .<q>conveniently located on the strip .
lovely hotel in great location with lounge .
amazing rooms with friendly staff and a stunning view of the harbour .
chich hotel with a charming atmosphere and a lovely pool .
romantic rooftop pool terrace with views .
convenient downtown location .
basic & authentic guesthouse in historic building in central amsterdam , serves good breakfast .
charming hotel with a friendly staff and is conveniently located near the beach .
large - scale hotel with great service and good amenities , situated close to the airport .
well - located hotel close to public transportation , much used by locals for special occasions .
hotel with great service close to the beach .
all - suite hotel with popular wine and restaurant .
great value for downtown accommodations .
traditionally spanish hotel with delicious local foods .
cute b&b with a lovely breakfast .
comfortable rooms complemented by an excellent breakfast .
large property with pool and spa .
friendly service .
conveniently located and clean .<q>true value for your money !
well - kept hotel with a spacious pool .<q>trees and water view complement the hotel well .
pet - friendly hotel with great breakfast .
cozy aparthotel with great breakfast .
nice hotel with great views .
excellent location .
good price to quality hotel in a good location .
close to the airport and with an on site restaurant .
hotel near downtown , with pool , spa and breakfast .
spacious rooms with friendly staff and a delicious breakfast .
beach hostel with a pool .
close to the beach with a great pool area .
pet - friendly hotel with great location .
modern hotel with charm , great service .
spacious and comfortable rooms with amazing sea views .
beautiful views , modern , clean and spacious rooms .<q>great bar and restaurant on premise .<q>indoor and outdoor pool and parking .
hotel near the airport with a pool .
clean and spacious rooms accommodated by very hospitable staff .
chic design hotel in a great location .
very spacious room and pleasant staff made the stay quite enjoyable .
excellent location and an on - site fitness centre .
clean rooms and central location .
beach resort at an excellent location .
charming design , ideal location , perfect for sightseeing and relaxing in paris .
an affordable stay and an easy train ride to disneyland .
very spacious hotel conveniently located between the old town and waterfront .
spacious rooms with a stellar view of the lake .
room condition is old but small and clean , reception is great and helpful staffs .<q>located in the centre accessible to all public transportations .
motel near the airport , with breakfast and pool .
gorgeous hotel with an outdoor swimming pool .
clean and modern motel with onsite restaurant .
