Upgraded quarters include rooms with city views and studios and one-bedroom suites.
The RESIDENZ CITY is situated in the city centre and easy reachable by car, train and public traffic facillities.
The picturesque Travelodge London Central City Road is a budget-friendly accommodation option for those wanting to stay in the centre of the city.
Self-service laundry facilities, 24-hour front desk and a business center are other public amenities offered by the accommodation.
Some rooms on the upper floors boast Eiffel Tower views.
The centrally located IntercityHotel Düsseldorf is situated near the main station and the famous Königsallee.
There's a nice rooftop terrace with furnishings, a baggage storage and a tour desk.
Reception area includes a great bar with cheap drink pricing.
Bathrooms have shower and tub combination with free toiletries supplied.
We had a great view overlooking the beach in a room with a handy kitchenette.
The hotel boasts a heated pool, guest laundry facilities, ice and vending machines and on-site parking.
Prague Centre Plaza features a spa tub, a sauna and massage treatment rooms.
The hotel features a business center and a heated outdoor pool.
very nice hotel close to city centre nice breakfast will return on my next trip to london.
SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court offers accommodation in London.
My kids enjoyed swimming in the pool and pool was clean.
Guests are invited to enjoy the on-site holistic spa and fitness centre, relax in the pool area, or have a drink amongst friends on the rooftop terrace with views of the sea and Miami.
Restaurant Green Bar is the on-site venue for traditional dining with an international twist.
Food options at the hotel include a breakfast buffet and in-room breakfast service, with other eateries nearby.
Residence Inn Orlando East/UCF Area features an outdoor\xa0pool with a hot tub as well as a fitness centre with free weights.
Very good four star hotel with excellent fitness and wellness as a pleasant surprise.
Amenities at this hotel include an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre, a business centre, coin laundry machines, free parking, and complimentary Wi-Fi.
The H+ Hotel Berlin Mitte welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk and concierge services.
C-Hotels The Style Florence features 24-hour reception and luggage storage.
Close to the train station and an easy walk to the old town and the river front.
All rooms include TV and tea and coffee-making facilities in addition to other basic amenities.
Extra pillows are supplied and some rooms enjoy impressive views over the square.
The Westin Georgetown is a high-end, pet-friendly hotel boasting an outdoor seasonal swimming pool, a fitness centre and a delightful courtyard in central Washington D.C. Staff was very friendly and local Starbucks around the corner made my wife a happy camper.
Festiva Frenchmen Orleans boasts a courtyard garden area with BBQ grills, an outdoor pool and hot tub.
Guests staying at B Historic Savannah can enjoy the indoor saltwater pool and fitness centre.
Guests can swim at the indoor pool or enjoy some sun at the outdoor pool and also use the two tubs at the Holiday Inn Ocean City.
The hotel features an outdoor patio and garden area where breakfast can be taken.
Guests can make use of the fitness centre as well as the outdoor pool.
Definitely a great location for all the south beach hot spots.
Clean rooms, close to the Strip with good restaurants and dining.
Free 24/7 shuttle to the airport, and likely the closest hotel to Terminal A.
It offers a concierge service, onsite parking and an off-site fitness center.
A lounge bar also offers a variety of light snacks and bistro dishes.
Fabulous location - Hotel is in Florida mall and close to attractions and parks.
Loews Hotel 1000, Seattle features an on-site full-service restaurant full-service spa and a golf simulator.
It is a protected historic building on the UNESCO heritage list.
It features an attractive interior courtyard and provides guests with a buffet style breakfast.
It also offers free Wi-Fi, a meeting room, concierge services, laundry facility and a 24-hour front desk.
The hotel is clean, room was fine, A/C and wifi worked.
This perfect location offers the easiest access to major monuments of Paris.
Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites offers the typical hotel amenities, including 24-hour reception, fitness center, and business center.
Great location and walking distance from the centre of Lisbon.
MH Apartments Central Prague offers serviced apartment accommodation in central Prague.
Furthermore, guests can get active in the outdoor pool or the fitness center.
Would definitely advise staying here for a cheap but pleasant stay near to the city centre.
There is a fitness center at the hotel with cardiovascular equipment and free weights.
The hotel features a gym, laundry facilities, a picnic area, a hot tub and free coffee and newspapers in the lobby.
The Hotel is confortable and close to the parks, restaurants and shopping.
The smoke-free hotel features a Sheraton Club Lounge, 24-hour front desk, fitness center, computers at reception and events space for up to 300 guests.
Single, double, and twin rooms are available, and their suite features a stunning view of the city.
This hotel has both a Finnish sauna and a gym.
For leisure there is a swimming pool and a fully equipped health and fitness centre.
Guests can relax or stay fit with the two jacuzzi pools and workout room.
All of the rooms feature free Wi-Fi, air-conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Nice hotel decent bar and the free shuttle is great!
A full buffet is provided each morning in the bright breakfast room with street views.
In the spa guests can enjoy the indoor pool, sauna, Jacuzzi and aromatherapy, as well as beauty treatments and various massages.
These amenities include a 24-hour business centre, meeting room, and paid parking.
Located in the heart of Salou in Tarragona, Spain, Hotel Best Los Ángeles Salou is a three-star hotel with a terrace and an outdoor pool.
In the wellness area you will find modern fitness equipment, two saunas, steam bath, solarium and a separate relaxation area.
Very friendly staff, very clean, pool and hot tub were nice and clean.
Guests may snack of freshly baked goods\xa0from the\xa0Woodfire\xa0Bakery, and relax with drinks in the Monkey Bar, enjoying city views from the rooftop terrace.
The hotel features a business centre and a parking area, which are open for 24-hours each day.
Close to Bourbon Street, this hotel features a rooftop pool and fitness center with views overlooking the town.
Modern Montmartre Hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast and an onsite bar and lounge.
A nice hotel located close to bars, restaurants and shops.
Highlights include an outdoor swimming pool, an ornately decorated lobby and a complimentary scheduled shuttle bus to downtown.
Breakfast costs €5 and is taken in the dining room.
This hotel offers 24-hour reception, multilingual staff members, taxi service and assistance in booking guided tours of London.
I like the big swimming pool and area to suntan.
They offer guests tea and coffee making facilities onsite and pubs and restaurants are within a 10-20 minute walk.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, onsite parking, and a daily breakfast buffet.
Marriott Fort Lauderdale Harbor Beach Resort & Spa features the Tropical Lagoon outdoor pool and whirlpool for guests\xa0enjoyment.
The hotel features four swimming pools with a number of cabanas.
Located only an eight-minute walk from the American Museum of Natural History, Hotel Belleclaire features a 24-hour fitness centre and views of the Hudson River.
Marriott San Diego Del Mar Hotel features a heated outdoor swimming pool and a whirlpool for guests to enjoy downtown, while daily housekeeping, on-site parking and a concierge service is also available.
Facilities include a business centre, free newspapers and a 24-hour front desk.
Hopefully they will have the indoor pool temp corrected by then!
A complimentary Viennesse breakfast buffet is served in the bright dining area.
Other facilities include business center, a 24-hour front desk and free newspaper.
Big rooms, good breakfast, helpful staff.Interesting layout being on the 7th and 8th floor.
Citadines City Centre Frankfurt welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk.
Facilities include an outdoor swimming pool, elevators, 24-hour reception with vending machines, business center and a launderette.
There is also a 24-hour front desk and an on-site fitness centre.
Great location, and includes free shuttle service to and from IAH airport.
Wanted a centrally located hotel close to Metro and landmarks.
It is on the riverwalk on a quieter section (no restaurant or bar noise).
There is also a game room, two swimming pools with sun beds, and free Wi-Fi throughout.
1 Lexham Gardens is a boutique hotel situated in the trendy Kensington neighbourhood of West London.
Hotel features free Wi-Fi and parking, pet-friendly accommodations, an outdoor pool and self-serve laundry.
La Quinta Inn & Suites Austin Airport Hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and meeting facilities, while a fitness center is provided for guests who enjoy staying fit.
Dine on-site for full menu fare and cocktails at the Terrace Bistro and Lobby Bar and Lounge.
Twenty minutes on foot from the Palais Garnier, the ibis Styles Paris Cadet Lafayette offers modern, three star accommodations with free Wi-Fi.
Breakfast is served in a beautiful lounge with fantastic view overlooking a park and the centre of Rome in the distance.
The full-service spa offers body scrubs, foot baths, manicures and pedicures and so much.
Featuring a heated outdoor swimming pool and whirlpool,\xa0Marriott's\xa0BeachPlace\xa0Towers Hotel provides guests with on-site parking and laundry services.
Villa Morgagni offers a 24-hour reception, a concierge and childcare services.
Facilities at the hotel include an indoor pool and spa tub.
Close to the mall and I’m the heart of Buckhead.
A gym and a sauna are exclusively reserved for hotel guests.
The elegant, wood-furnished rooms come with complimentary beer and water minibar, cable TV, free Wi-Fi, private bathroom with hairdryer, telephone, desk and safe  Derag Livinghotel Henriette has a 24/7 reception desk, concierge service and guests receive free use of the hotel’s wellness centre, which includes a sauna, steam room and well-equipped gym.
Located off the I-85, the TownePlace Suites Atlanta Buckhead is a three-star extended-stay hotel where amenities available to guests include fitness and business centres and an area shuttle service.
Enjoy a buffet breakfast and views of the\xa0Kunsthalle\xa0Art gallery from the hotel’s breakfast room.
There's an indoor swimming pool that opens starting in May.
Flair bartenders wow guests in the outdoor Carnaval Court bar.
It is right on the beach and has a heated pool and a hot tub.
Suites at Sheraton Suites Fort Lauderdale At Cypress Creek have a separate living area with pull-out sofa, two HDTVs and free high-speed Internet.
Holiday Inn Houston-Intercontinental Arpt offers an indoor and outdoor pool, a 24-hour business centre and gym.
Guests can go for a workout at the onsite health and fitness center or go for a swim at the outdoor swimming pool.
Each unit is air-conditioned and features two bedrooms and a separate lounge area with a flat-screen TV.
Amenities comprise a launderette, lift, seasonal outdoor swimming pool, 24-hour reception, vending machines and paid Wi-Fi throughout.
This pet-friendly luxury hotel features both valet and covered-self parking.
All rooms are fully air-conditioned and have overlooking views of the city.
The hotel room was on the second floor above the outdoor pool.
The room was clean and spacious with a great view overlooking St Patrick’s Cathedral.
This hotel is a smoke-free property with an outdoor pool.
The Comfort Suites West Dallas-Cockrell Hill is located near the Dallas Zoo.
Guests are steps from the Mediaeval landmarks and modern attractions of Clerkenwell.
The indoor pool was nice along with the hot tub.
No tea/coffee making facilities in rooms however free coffee is available in the reception in the morning.
Dormirdcine is a unique four-star hotel in the heart of Madrid.
