Hotel situated directly across from the Space Needle allowing for a nice view from our 6th floor room.
In this pretty, cosy Resort you will find all modern facillities and standards which you may expect in a three star Hotel in Germany.
Close to transport links, restaurants and shops, the hotel is just ten minutes away on foot from the popular area of Shoreditch.
If you need a affordable hotel that is clean, comfortable, good location and has a friendly staff this is a good hotel.
This hotel is right in the middle of everything you want in Paris.
The hotel offers excellent value for money, with spacious and clean rooms in a practical location.
There's a nice rooftop terrace with furnishings, a baggage storage and a tour desk.
Bikini Lodge offers a variety of accommodation options and a party-like atmosphere in the heart of Miami's South Beach within walking distance to the beach.
Hotel is dated but it was the convenience of staying so close to base for me.
Great hotel in front of the bay & walking distance to mission beach & Belmont Park.
The Days Inn Myrtle Beach – Grand Strand offers accommodations within walking distance of the Family Kingdom Amusement Park.
Prague Centre Plaza features a spa tub, a sauna and massage treatment rooms.
Facilities at the Residence Inn by Marriott San Diego Sorrento Mesa-Sorrento include a fitness room, a sports court, and a hot tub.
The The Apollo Hotel London offers affordable accommodation located just off Bayswater Road and London’s famous Hyde Park.
Theatre Royal Drury Lane is 800 metres from SACO St Pauls - Red Lion Court, while Lyceum Theatre is 900 metres from the property.
The smoke-free hotel offers free parking, limited front desk hours, front desk safe, laundry facilities, dry cleaning service, ATM, meeting rooms, business center, fitness center, ice machine, outdoor swimming pool and spa tub.
Highlights (onsite): Clean room/very comfortable King bed Onsite Tavern restaurant open 23 hours a day  Romantic view of the stars on the rooftop deck FREE happy hour for guests everyday 1-2 block proximity to the beach FREE Miami Beach trolley stops in front of hotel Already mentioned friendly staff but worth noting again  Other: Versailles for great Cuban food (Calle ocho) Ball & Chain (live music/club) LT Steak & Seafood at the Betsy hotel I would like to see a fan in the bathrooms thought.
One of the most beautiful hotels we have ever stayed in, real old-world glamour.
Hotel de Fleurie is a great little hotel with adequately sized rooms and friendly service.
Residence Inn Orlando East/UCF Area features an outdoor pool with a hot tub as well as a fitness centre with free weights.
Well for starters the hotel was in walking distance to most attractions city centre fish market  is not to be missed even if it’s a early start on a Sunday morning back to the hotel the staff were excellent rooms clean spacious and the breakfast if a little expensive at €25 was the best breakfast I’ve ever had so worth a one off The relaxed and elegant 4-star Lindner Hotel Am Michel is situated close to the celebrated St. Michaelis Church (colloquial “Der Michel”), the lively HafenCity, the famous old warehouse district the Speicherstadt and the impressive St. Pauli jetties.
The indoors swimming pool and breakfast are a big plus !
The H+ Hotel Berlin Mitte welcomes travellers with a 24-hour front desk and concierge services.
Breakfast was included and was actually in the neighbouring sister hotel (although accessible internally).
In summer you can enjoy the view from the hotel terrace at the heart of Cologne while the city's night life pulsates outside.
Rotana Hotel is a basic but comfortable bed and breakfast hotel situated in Greater London’s Ilford, offering good transport links across the city of London.
At the Hostal Venecia, rooms are attractively decorated and feature lovely wooden floors.
The Westin Georgetown is a high-end, pet-friendly hotel boasting an outdoor seasonal swimming pool, a fitness centre and a delightful courtyard in central Washington D
A terrific location for what we wanted to experience and do in the French Quarter The room was spacious, great pool area, plenty of parking (for a fee).
The hotel itself was very nice, beautifully decorated lobby and room.
The room was clean and comfortable, the view was amazing, and the beach area was more than expected.
The hotel features an outdoor patio and garden area where breakfast can be taken.
Very nice and well kept hotel , near the Braves stadium Some rooms also have a seating area with a sofa bed.
Once I was able to navigate to the property I was very pleased with the location and state of the apartment - it was perfect for my needs as a single traveler, and only a short walk to markets, shops, bars, the beach, practically anything you could need.
Clean rooms, close to the Strip with good restaurants and dining.
This is a great hotel and for the proximity to the airport, it is reasonably priced.
The hotel has been remodeled wonderfully, with the right amount of retro-chic and modern amenities.
Beautiful hotel, exceptional staff, located within walking distance to most attractions and a short cab/Uber ride to the rest.
This hotel was the perfect priced hotel.. if your looking for an affordable hotel this is the place.
This is nice hotel that is close to many Seattle attractions.
Quaint little hotel a few steps from the Old Town Square.
It features an attractive interior courtyard and provides guests with a buffet style breakfast.
Located in the heart of Paris with just a mile away from Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe, Hôtel Chambellan Morgane is a modern hotel set in an elegant building with its original mid-1800s façade.
The Hotel Danubio is a 3 star hotel in Jesolo with b&b service, convenient to the centre of the Lido and its mundane life: the hotel you were looking for for your young and dynamic holidays!
This hotel is convenient to Notre Dame, the Cluny Museum, Ile Saint-Louis and much more.
Hotel was perfect everything was very clean, room was a great, in walking distance of restaurants, staff was friendly..... next time I plan a trip it will be at this hotel.
The room is very spacious and I enjoyed the location of this guesthouse.
Apartments feature a fully-equipped kitchen alongside bedroom and living room facilities.
Situated in the Wildwood Business Park, the Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta NW Wildwood is an excellent choice for corporate guests.
From the hotel you can easily walk to the Pompidou Center, the Halles and, with a few more steps, to the rue de Rivoli.
The hotel is in a great location, with a nice pool and nice indoor amenities.
The hotel is easy to get to, well maintained, and in a great location for food and shopping.
The hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast, a heated pool, free parking and a complimentary shuttle to Disney World and Universal Studios.
The smoke-free hotel features a Sheraton Club Lounge, 24-hour front desk, fitness center, computers at reception and events space for up to 300 guests.
Beauvoir Hotel is a reasonably priced, nicely presented, modest hotel option on the left bank.
Super friendly and helpful staff,  beautiful room with an amazing view It also has ten conference rooms and ultra-modern glass lifts.
The Sky Bar is located on the 40th floor and offers panoramic views of downtown Chicago.
Featuring an indoor lazy river and newly renovated oceanfront pool, this family-friendly hotel offers gorgeous ocean views, 15 minutes from the 350 acres of shopping, dining and attractions at Broadway at the Beach.
This hotel is in one of the best locations for exploring the city.
THOUGH THE HOTEL ISNT RIGHT DOWNTOWN THE FREE SHUTTLE MAKES IT A GREAT PLACE TO STAY AT A GOOD PRICE.
Rooms at Hotel Pacific Hamburg are simply designed with classic furniture.
Clean and comfortable and only a short distance from all the bars Lovely hotel with great facilities and in a great location for Benidorm Palace.
great place to stay and just beside the ziggo dome where we were going for a concert Guests at this hotel can make use of the facilities at the neighbouring Holiday Inn Amsterdam.
Hotel Best Los Ángeles Salou guests can unwind by taking a dip at the outdoor pool or lounging in the terrace with drinks.
The 160 rooms are light-filled and impress with reserved but extravagant elegance.
The hotel is less than five minutes from Sea World San Diego and the Valley View Casino Center.
Select rooms additionally feature separate living rooms, and floor-to-ceiling windows with panoramic city views that guests may enjoy from a hammock.
Rooms were small though, however, this is expected in a small hotel like this one.
The hotel is in a great location and is beautiful with an incredibly friendly staff.
Modern Montmartre Hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast and an onsite bar and lounge.
this hotel is within walking distance of old town Key West, very convenient.
The location of th hotel is good with very spacious parking.
Convenient location, friendly staff, rooms need some restoration, however enough comfort for the price.
Bathroom is so tiny, room is so small you can barely move around...but the hotel location is close to everything which is very convenient.. close to Bayswater train station... Other nearby attractions include Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace, and Notting Hill.
The room was clean and it is close to the park The location is what sold me on booking this hotel.
They offer guests tea and coffee making facilities onsite and pubs and restaurants are within a 10-20 minute walk.
Old school hotel with friendly staff, cooked breakfast and comfortable rooms.
Marriott Fort Lauderdale Harbor Beach Resort & Spa features the Tropical Lagoon outdoor pool and whirlpool for guests enjoyment.
We had originally thought about staying at the Bellagio but found the MGM better value for money.
The hotel has a small, but cool lobby & the property has a boutique-style ambience.
Marriott San Diego Del Mar Hotel features a heated outdoor swimming pool and a whirlpool for guests to enjoy downtown, while daily housekeeping, on-site parking and a concierge service is also available.
Opening in 2015, the Seaside All Suites Hotel in Miami’s North Beach places guests near the Normandy Shores Golf Club and the Indian Creek Country Club.
It’s across the street from the opry and the hotel had beautiful views of the waterway, grande dunes golf, and the marina.
Had to catch an early flight so easy to and from the station with luggage The hotel is very new, rooms are very clean and spacious, the room design is very modern.
Days inn is a nice hotel close to base with an outdoor pool.
Good wifi, fantastic breakfast  Out of town, not many restaurants around and they don't have one other than for breakfast The hotel has 121 comfortable bedrooms and 350 underground parking spaces with direct access to the hotel.
Steps from the Messe and minutes from the Main Tower, the Citadines City Centre Frankfurt offers stylish serviced apartments with private parking.
Very nice hotel, clean and quiet with easy and fast access to Atlanta airport.
Fantastic hotel in a great location close to lots of great activities.
Beautiful hotel, the best in the North Houston area that I have seen.
Great place to stay - this hotel made our first Paris trip feel luxurious!
The Homewood Suites San Antonio-Riverwalk features a sparkling rooftop pool, fitness center, coin laundry, and concierge desk.
The best thing about the hotel is it's location 
Standard clean  room  for 2 was surprisingly ' exceptionally'  small, even for a London hotel budget room.
Hotel features free Wi-Fi and parking, pet-friendly accommodations, an outdoor pool and self-serve laundry.
La Quinta Inn & Suites Austin Airport Hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and meeting facilities, while a fitness center is provided for guests who enjoy staying fit.
Hotel features comprise free Wi-Fi, meeting/event venues with catering options, a fitness center, concierge, laundry facilities, pet-friendly accommodations, room service, an allergy-friendly Fresh Air floor and a luxurious Women's Only floor.
Hotel is only 10 min walk from Gare du Nord but located in a quiet street.
At the top floor the hotel restaurant view is excellent- perfect for a romantic evening.
Very comfortable and spacious room, nice amenities, and great room service.
This hotel is right in the middle of the Fort Lauderdale Beach area.
Villa Morgagni is a pet friendly four-star hotel featuring a sauna, parking lot and laundry service.
With a both a hot breakfast and indoor pool this hotel is one of the best values in Austin.
The hotel is nice, very modern and the staff is very attentive.
Staff and concierge was extremely helpful, the hotel was clean and the accommodation was comfortable.
The hotel was perfect, clean, quiet, value for money, great location right outside a tube station.
Hotel staff was very friendly and hospitable the suite  was clean and spacious, well equipped and functional.
Enjoy a buffet breakfast and views of the Kunsthalle Art gallery from the hotel’s breakfast room.
This hotel isn't much of a beauty to look at, but a perfect place for a Nashville stay.
This hotel was on the strip and close to the other hotels.
Beachcomber By the Sea provides 24-hour front desk service, laundry facilities, beach access with loungers and umbrellas, beachview heated outdoor pool and whirlpool and a computer lounge.
Sheraton Suites Fort Lauderdale At Cypress Creek is a three-star, ‘all-suite’ hotel.
It was just out the way & i expected better rooms I stayed at this hotel because it has an onsite restaurant and airport shuttle whuch is convenient when you stay for just one night.
Room are spacious, the pool is huge and nice hotel staff are nice and helpful.
There are 24 hour fitness facilities on-site plus a rooftop terrace for guests to enjoy.
Bright, remodelled rooms featuring air-conditioning and en suite bathrooms with granite countertops boast 32-inch flat-screen cable TVs with free expanded channels, wood-effect flooring, free local calls and desks.
Bustling with shopping outlets, dining establishments, and historic sites—among other city-center attractions—, the residence of Westin Town Center places guests within convenient reach of it all.
All rooms are fully air-conditioned and have overlooking views of the city.
Hotel is in an abandoned mall area with not much nearby.
This Midtown Manhattan hotel features 909 spacious rooms and suites – including 176 newly renovated exclusive Towers accommodations – which provide the perfect setting for relaxation and inspired stays in New York City.
We stayed at this hotel for a night and everything was great.
Guests will enjoy the many amenities that this hotel has to offer.
Visitors can enjoy drinks and meals in the Cocktail Lounge featuring warm styling details like a fireplace, classical art, and velvet furniture.
The property had great views and everything that is needed for a great beach vacation stay.
The Burns Fair & More Hotel in Cologne Trade Fair Centre is a hotspot in Cologne and certainly more than just a hotel.
The hotel decor is fun, rooms are very clean, restaurant a little pricey.
